TDL-18659: Implement Request Timeout (#12)
singer-io/tap-snapchat-ads: README.md

      "omit_empty": "true",
      "targeting_country_codes": "us, ca, mx",
      "start_date": "2020-01-01T00:00:00Z",
      "user_agent": "tap-snapchat-ads <api_user_email@example.com>",
      "request_timeout": 100
    }
    ```
Additional config parameters
- `swipe_up_attribution_window`: Attribution window for swipe ups. 1_DAY, 7_DAY, 28_DAY (default).
- `view_attribution_window`: Attribution window for views. 1_HOUR, 3_HOUR, 6_HOUR, 1_DAY (default), 7_DAY, 28_DAY.
- `omit_empty` (true, false): Omits records with zero data for all metrics for a given date/entity. If there is data for any metric for a given date/entity, all metrics for that date/entity are returned. 
- `targeting_country_codes`: Comma-delimeted lists of lower-case 2-letter ISO Country Codes for Ads Targeting.

> - `request_timeout`: To configure the timeout for twitter-ads client. Default is 300 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `request_timeout`: The time for which request should wait to get a response and the default request_timeout is 300 seconds.
```

Author: Changed request_timeout description as per suggestion.
